OSDOCS#6119: Minimum req permissions to deploy OpenShift on Nutanix (#60569)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-nutanix-installer-infra-reqs.adoc

> [id="installation-nutanix-installer-infra-reqs-account_{context}"]

Reviewer: Expand parent module's use of AOS? AOS =  Acropolis Operating System ?

Author: Not necessarily @dfitzmau. In this case, I believe AOS to be an apronym. AOS is well understood by our target audience (Nutanix admins)

Reviewer: If you think this is common knowledge among the target audience. NP.

== Required account privileges

> The installation program requires access to a Nutanix account with the necessary permissions to deploy the cluster, as well as to maintain the daily operation of it. The following options are available to you:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation program requires access to a Nutanix account with the necessary permissions to deploy the cluster and to maintain daily cluster operations. The following options are available to you:
```
![Screenshot from 2023-08-02 14-47-55](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/0c6dc724-0b70-4215-9acd-1e81f1bacd70)

It is a vague referent that could refer to closer/permissions/account.

Author: Yep. Thank you.

Reviewer: :heavy_check_mark:

> * You can use a local Prism Central user account with administrative privileges. Using a local account is the simplest way to grant access to an account with the required permissions.

Reviewer: Should "simplest" be stripped out for something like "quickest way"? According to the IBM SG:

![Screenshot from 2023-08-03 09-58-31](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/59f65e1a-7a08-437c-b0ae-0444da6ca411)

See, [Claims and recommendations](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=information-claims-recommendations)

Author: Good point. Thank you.

> * If your organization’s security policies require that you use a more restrictive set of permissions, use the permissions in the following table to create a custom Cloud Native role in Prism Central. You can then assign the role to a user account that is a member of a Prism Central authentication directory. When assigning entities to the role, ensure that the user can only access the Prism Element and subnet that are required to deploy the virtual machines.

Reviewer 2: > ensure that the user can only access the Prism Element
Should this be _ensure that the user can access only the Prism Element_, which means the user can access the Prism element and nothing else?

Author: Thanks for catching this @mburke5678. Updated.

+

> For more information, see the Nutanix documentation about creating a link:https://opendocs.nutanix.com/guides/cloud_native_role/[Custom Cloud Native role] and link:https://portal.nutanix.com/page/documents/details?targetId=Nutanix-Security-Guide:ssp-ssp-role-assignment-pc-t.html[assigning a role].

Reviewer: @mburke5678 . What do you think about linking to external (but partner) docs?

Reviewer 2: @dfitzmau We do use external docs. Not sure what the official rule is, if there is one. However, it leads to (possibly) outdated links, like this one: [Nutanix AOS Security Guide](https://portal.nutanix.com/page/documents/details?targetId=Nutanix-Security-Guide-v6_1:mul-security-ssl-certificate-pc-t.html)
@mjpytlak

Author: @dfitzmau We are able to point to external provider docs. @mburke5678 I am not sure why the link resolves to an outdated version, as there is no version in the link that Nutanix provided me. It would appear that this a function of the Nutanix doc set. While not ideal, the Nutanix doc set does let users know about the outdated version and provides a link to latest.

Reviewer: :heavy_check_mark: . NP. Please consider the maintenance overhead that might exist when a link gets outdated and so on.

.Required permissions for creating a Custom Cloud Native role
[%collapsible]
====
[cols="3a,3a,3a",options="header"]
|===
|Nutanix Object
|Required permissions in Nutanix API
|Description

|Categories
|
[%hardbreaks]
`Create_Category_Mapping`
`Create_Or_Update_Name_Category`
`Create_Or_Update_Value_Category`
`Delete_Category_Mapping`
`Delete_Name_Category`
`Delete_Value_Category`
`View_Category_Mapping`
`View_Name_Category`
`View_Value_Category`

> |Create, read, and delete categories that are assigned to the {product-title} machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Create, read, and delete categories that are assigned to the {product-title} machines.
```

> |Create, read, update, and delete categories that are assigned to the {product-title} machines

Reviewer 3: Remove "update" in this line.

|Images
|
[%hardbreaks]
`Create_Image`
`Delete_Image`
`View_Image`

> |Create, read, and delete the operating system images used for the {product-title} machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Create, read, and delete the operating system images used for the {product-title} machines.
```

> |Create, read, and delete the operating system images used for the {product-title} machines

Reviewer: Parallel constructions are best to ensure consistency amongst table entries. Add a bullet point to the rest of the Description entries.

Author: @dfitzmau There are no bullets in for any of the Description entries. :smile:

Reviewer: Sorry, a period :).

Author: Ah. Thanks. Good catch.

|Virtual Machines
|
[%hardbreaks]
`Create_Virtual_Machine`
`Delete_Virtual_Machine`
`View_Virtual_Machine`

> |Create, read, and delete the {product-title} machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Create, read, and delete the {product-title} machines.
```

> |Create, read, update, and delete the {product-title} machines

Reviewer 3: Remove "update" in this line.
